W-15818492 order mgmt guide (#130)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: salesforce-oms/1.1/modules/ROOT/pages/order-mgmt-guide.adoc

For more information about how to complete the ticket, see the https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/knowledge/en/3122430[Scope item activation request for CBC provisioned S/4HANA Cloud Essentials tenant] knowledge base article on the SAP support site.

=== SAP Documents

The following SAP documents are created as you complete the steps in this guide:

* *Sales Order*
+
A contractual agreement between a sales organization and a sold-to party about delivering products or providing a service for defined prices, quantities and times.
* *Freight Order*
+
The order for which execution is planned by a carrier or the shipper. Contains the plan for the logistical processing, planned departure times for the vehicle and execution data.
* *Outbound Delivery Order*
+
Contains the data required for triggering and monitoring the complete outbound delivery process.
Billing Document: invoice created on the basis of an outbound delivery, to request payment from the customer who ordered the delivery.

== Create a Sales Order

Follow these steps to create a sales order in SAP:

. Search for the *Create Sales Order - VA01* app.
. Enter *OR* in the *Order Type* field.
. Press Enter.

> . Enter a value in the *Sold-to Party* field.

Author: @nisha-nizamuddin What kind of value should be entered in the field?

> . Enter a value in the *Ship-to Party* field.

Author: @nisha-nizamuddin What kind of value should be entered in the field?

. Click the *Display header details* icon and verify that the *Shp. Cond* on the *Shipping* tab is set to *TM - Int. Planning*, which enables SAP to create a freight unit automatically. The freight unit is used when creating the freight order.

> . Enter a value in the Material column of the *All Items* section.

Author: @nisha-nizamuddin What kind of value should be entered in the column?

> . Enter a value in the *Order Quantity* field.

Author: @nisha-nizamuddin What kind of value should be entered in the field?

. Press Enter.
. Click *Save*.

Copy the sales order ID, which you'll need in the next steps.

== Create a Freight Order

Follow these steps to create a freight order in SAP:

. Search for the *Transportation Cockpit* app.
. Select *ERP Document* and paste the sales order ID into the *Freight Unit Stages* field.
. Enter *** in the *Vehicle Types* field.
. Click *Continue*.
. Select the freight unit of the sales order in the *Freight Unit* column.

> . Select a value in the *Trucks* field.

Author: @nisha-nizamuddin What kind of value should be entered in the field?

. Click *Create Road Freight Order* in the *Freight Unit Stages* field, and then click *Save* to create the freight order.
. Click the freight order number to open the order details, and then complete the *Vehicle Type*, *Carrier*, *Purchasing Organization*, and *Purchasing Group* fields.
. On the *Charges* tab, enter an amount in the *Base FTL - Flat Rate* field, and then click *Save*.
. From the *Subcontracting* dropdown on the *Statuses* tab, select *Send to Carrier*.
. Then, from the same *Subcontracting* dropdown, select *Set to Confirmed by Carrier*.
. Click *Custom Fields* from the *All Tabs* menu icon (image:all-tabs-icon.png[3%,3%]) and complete the *Tracking Number* field.
. Click *Save*.

== Create an Outbound Delivery

Follow these steps to create an outbound delivery in SAP:

. Click the *Create Deliveries* tab, and then click the *Document Flow* tab.
. Check the box for each document that is related to the freight order.
. Open SAP S/4HANA in a new tab and search for the *Change Outbound Delivery* app.

> . Enter a value in the *Outbound Delivery* field, and then press Enter.

Author: @nisha-nizamuddin What kind of value should be entered in the field?

. Select *Post Goods Issue* from the *Menu* dropdown. This action triggers the `Outbound Delivery API (DELIVERY_REQUEST_OUT)` event.
. Navigate back to the freight order and click *Refresh* to update the status fields on the *Statuses* tab.
. Click the *Edit* button.
. Select *Set to Ready for Transportation Execution* in the *Execution Status* dropdown. This updates the value in the *Execution Status* field to *Ready for Transportation Execution*.
. In the *Stages* section, select *Set to Departed* in the *Execution Status (Source)* dropdown.

== Create an Invoice

Follow these steps to create an invoice in SAP:

. Search for the *Create Billing Documents - VF01* app.
. Enter the outbound delivery number in the *Document* column of the *Documents to Be Processed* table, and then press Enter.
. Click *Save*.

== View Your Documents

Follow these steps in SAP to view the documents you created:

. Search for the *Manage Sales Order Version 2* app, and then filter by the sales order ID.
. Click the sales order ID in the *Sales Orders* table to open the order details.
. Click *Process Flow* to view the documents you created.

> 

Author: @nisha-nizamuddin Do we want to include a **Next Steps** section to let the user know where to go once they've completed the steps in this guide?

= SAP S/4HANA Order Management Guide
:salesforce-oms-version: {page-component-version}

== Overview

> Before you implement the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/0b4cad67-8f23-4ffe-a87f-ffd10a1f6873/mulesoft-accelerator-for-salesforce-oms/minor/{salesforce-oms-version}/pages/B2B%20EDI%20Order%20Lifecycle%20Automation/[Salesforce OMS to ERP Integration] use case, you must create a sales order, freight order, outbound delivery, and invoice in SAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
This guide helps you create a sales order, freight order, outbound delivery, and invoice in SAP so that you can implement the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/0b4cad67-8f23-4ffe-a87f-ffd10a1f6873/mulesoft-accelerator-for-salesforce-oms/minor/{salesforce-oms-version}/pages/B2B%20EDI%20Order%20Lifecycle%20Automation/[Salesforce OMS to ERP Integration] use case.
```
After reading the whole article, I'd suggest rewording like this.

== Before You Begin

Submit a ticket on https://me.sap.com/[SAP for Me] to request activation of the following scope items in your Central Business Configuration (CBC) provisioned S/4HANA Cloud Essentials tenant:

* Manual Transportation Planning (6W2)
* Transportation Execution (6W3)
* Freight Settlement (6W4)

For more information about how to complete the ticket, see the https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/knowledge/en/3122430[Scope item activation request for CBC provisioned S/4HANA Cloud Essentials tenant] knowledge base article on the SAP support site.

=== Generated SAP Documents

> Completing the steps in this guide generates following SAP documents:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: the following SAP documents

* *Sales Order*
+
A contractual agreement between a sales organization and a sold-to party to deliver products or provide a service at a set price, quantity, and time.
* *Freight Order*
+
The order that a carrier or shipper plans to execute, containing the logistical processing plan, vehicle departure times, and order execution data.
* *Outbound Delivery Order*
+
Contains the data that is required to trigger and monitor the outbound delivery process.
* *Billing Document*
+

> The invoice that is created for an outbound delivery and that requests payment from the customer who placed the order.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: The invoice that is created for an outbound delivery and requests payment from the customer who placed the order.

== Create a Sales Order

Follow these steps to create a sales order in SAP:

. Search for the *Create Sales Order - VA01* app.
. Enter *OR* in the *Order Type* field.
. Press Enter.
. Enter a value in the *Sold-to Party* field.
. Enter a value in the *Ship-to Party* field.
. Click the *Display header details* icon (image:display-header-details-icon.png[3%,3%]) and verify that the *Shp. Cond* on the *Shipping* tab is set to *TM - Int. Planning*, which enables SAP to create a freight unit automatically. The freight unit is used when the freight order is created.
. Enter a value in the *Material* column of the *All Items* section.
. Enter a value in the *Order Quantity* field.
. Press Enter.
. Click *Save*.

Copy the sales order ID, which you'll need in the next steps.

== Create a Freight Order

Follow these steps to create a freight order in SAP:

. Search for the *Transportation Cockpit* app.
. Select *ERP Document* and paste the sales order ID into the *Freight Unit Stages* field.

> . Enter *** in the *Vehicle Types* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter `***` in the *Vehicle Types* field.
```
To make it clear that *** is the necessary input in this field, (unless I'm not understanding this properly).

Or, if * is the input, use `*`. If the user needs to type this it shouldn't be bold. Also, confirm in a local build that the text displays as intended.

Author: It should be a single *, so I'll remove the bold.

> . Enter * in the *Vehicle Types* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter `*` in the *Vehicle Types* field.
```

. Click *Continue*.
. Select the freight unit of the sales order in the *Freight Unit* column.
. Select the truck type in the *Trucks* field.
. Click *Create Road Freight Order* in the *Freight Unit Stages* field and then click *Save* to create the freight order.
. Click the freight order number to open the order details and then complete the *Vehicle Type*, *Carrier*, *Purchasing Organization*, and *Purchasing Group* fields.
. Enter an amount in the *Base FTL - Flat Rate* field on the *Charges* tab and then click *Save*.
. Select *Send to Carrier* from the *Subcontracting* dropdown on the *Statuses* tab.
. Then, select *Set to Confirmed by Carrier* from the same *Subcontracting* dropdown.
. Select *Custom Fields* from the *All Tabs* icon (image:all-tabs-icon.png[3%,3%]) and complete the *Tracking Number* field.
. Click *Save*.

== Create an Outbound Delivery

Follow these steps to create an outbound delivery in SAP:

. Click the *Create Deliveries* tab and then click the *Document Flow* tab.
. Select the box for each document that is related to the freight order.
. Open SAP S/4HANA in a new tab and search for the *Change Outbound Delivery* app.

> . Enter outbound delivery number from the *Create Deliveries* tab in the *Outbound Delivery* field and then press Enter.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: Enter the outbound...
